how does not the chilling today we're
paying a special tribute back to when um
redneck sniper and touring did you not
see him near back in halo two tricks
episode 33 and yeah two using and I'm
see him here yeah it's been two years
can't believe it hi Mona chaos a fan of
dippy and redneck and they made this
show really great good luck to you all
out there cruel world hope you don't get
Javanese on me
hey I'm Raven 360 USA number one and I'm
definitely proud that this is an honor
to be here and be in there and the whole
gang definitely a fan and halo 3 will
live on forever
on with the show
always remember the good times
dippy redneck and I had
all the members that they brought halo
two and three tricks they will be
remembered
like
I'm rednecks nopperz sorry JB we're not
gonna train the kids good you saying
he can eat it in it why do I always die
you